DETECTIVE: Lisa, thanks for coming in.
LISA: Of course detective. I want to help however I can.
DETECTIVE: This shouldn’t take long. Just want to walk through your night. Set the record straight.
LISA: *flirty smile* Anything I can do to help. And I do mean anything…… *winks*
DETECTIVE: *clears throat* So, March 12th. Let’s start with the meeting John scheduled.
LISA: He called me late. Around 10:00, which isn’t uncommon. When John wants to work, we work. But he said he needed to go over some financial stuff. That he found something and wanted some clarification on it. 
DETECTIVE: Okay, so what time did you arrive?
LISA: Right around 11:00 PM. We talked in his office for a couple hours going over some new investment ideas, some past transactions, just usual business. I left his house around 2:30, stopped for gas, then got home a little after 3:20.
DETECTIVE: And from there?
LISA: *flirtingly* Well, I got naked. I always get naked right when I get home. *winks*
DETECTIVE: *Nervously coughs* Ahem… Okay. Then What?
LISA: You mean after I got naked and rubbed the tension off my body? *rubs hands down her chest*
DETECTIVE: Sure
LISA: Well, I called my sister in LA. 
DETECTIVE: You remember what time that call was?
LISA: *shrugs* Maybe 3:30? Something like that.
DETECTIVE: Okay. Moving on….. We actually received a letter recently. Anonymous. Said we should take a closer look at Alex Wallace. 
LISA: *eyebrows raise* Really?
DETECTIVE: Yeah. Said he had a temper. That he had a Glock 19 under his mattress. Said that was his “insurance policy.” We did find the gun. Same make. Same spot. We’re running a ballistics analysis on it now.
LISA: That’s… unsettling. But Alex has always been intense. He’s very passionate about the company. We didn’t always agree, but I never felt unsafe around him.
DETECTIVE: Do you know if he had any other weapons?
LISA: I know Alex has tons of guns. He loves them.

DETECTIVE: I’m just going to ask you straight up…. Do you think Alex could have done this? You said he’s intense about the company. Would he maybe have killed his dad so he could finally run it?
LISA: He definitely could have. Passion can make humans act very….. primal. *giggles*
DETECTIVE: *nervously clears his throat again while flipping to a different page* Emily, John’s wife, told several people she thought you and John were having an affair. She was convinced.
LISA: *leans back* Ugh. This again? I wasn’t sleeping with John, if that’s what you’re implying.
DETECTIVE: I’m just telling you what we have. Emily believed it to her core. Thought she had proof of the affair. She seemed angry. Paranoid. Even got kicked out of an event earlier that night for drunkenly talking about killing him. Do you think she might’ve meant it?
LISA: Maybe. But people also say ugly things when they feel betrayed. I’m sure the image of her husband with a much younger and more beautiful woman drove her mad. But I'm confused, you were asking about Alex, now you’re saying Emily did it? Didn't you say you literally found the murder weapon in Alex’s room?
DETECTIVE: I’m not “saying” anyone did it. I’m just trying to get all the info I can. Like for example, another thing I need info about is all of the theft.
LISA: Theft? What theft?
DETECTIVE: It seems that someone was stealing from Wallace Enterprises. Mary Johnson says she thinks you were the one stealing. She believes that John found out and that’s what the meeting was really about. That he was confronting you about this.
LISA: Mary has never liked me. She’s been trying to push me out for years. I guess she’s just another old woman jealous of me…. *Slowly traces her fingers across her chest*
DETECTIVE: *Nervous coughs* So you deny any financial misconduct?
LISA: *eyes narrow* I thought we were investigating a murder, not an accounting error.
DETECTIVE: Sometimes…….. they go hand in hand.
LISA: Well then, I suggest you find proof. Because I didn’t kill John. And I certainly didn’t steal from him.
DETECTIVE: If you were me, where would you look?
LISA: If I were you? Hmmmmmm……. Where would I look if I were you…. *moves her blouse to show more cleavage*
DETECTIVE: *silence*
LISA: Ugh. You’re no fun. Honestly, I would be looking at Alex. You said you already found the murder weapon in his room and we know he wanted to be in charge of Wallace Enterprises. I’m also pretty sure he’s been arrested for assault before.  
DETECTIVE: Okay, well I’ll take that into consideration. That’s all for now. Thanks for coming in.
LISA: Let me know if anything else comes up. I’m yours whenever you want me. *winks*
LISA:  *walks out of the room making sure the detective is watching her walk*
DETECTIVE: *thinking to himself* Hmmmmm….. She’s smooth. Almost too smooth. But the security cameras and the gas station receipt give her a solid alibi. But I wonder how she knew about Alex’s assault charges. We weren’t even able to unseal those records.

